"Luxury is a burden for the one who seeks to be more grateful." John Gilbert
"Success can't be imitated but it can be interpreted." John Gilbert
"Whenever you are eager to find new pleasure, seek it from your past as it's the surest and safest of places." John Gilbert
"A wise person makes many excuses for people and none for himself." John Gilbert
"Love is grown when love is shown." Nouman Ali Khan
"Frustration and difficulty are not the signs that you are not learning, but ease is." Nate Cornell
"Do not dispute among yourselves lest you lose courage and your strength departs from you." The Qur'ān(8:46)
"Absolute certainty is a luxury that can only be afforded by people who are enriched with ignorance." John Gilbert
"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe." Collected
"Smart is making the right decision at the right time." Stick (Marvel's Daredevil)
"If you are not capable of cruelty, you are absolutely a victim to anyone who is." Jordan Peterson
"Man is a clear witness against himself despite all the excuses he may put forth." The Qur'ān (75:14-15)
“If he has not virtue, man is the most unholy and the most savage of animals, and the most full of lust and gluttony.” Aristotle
"Do not follow blindly what you do not know to be true." The Qur'an (17:36)
"If you are either the smartest or the dumbest person in the room, you don't belong there." John Gilbert
"Man exceeds all bounds when he thinks he is self-sufficient." The Qur'an (96:6,7)
"Actions speak louder than words but softer than thoughts." John Gilbert
"Happiness cannot consist in things governed by chance." Boethius
“Pleasure is the flower that fades; Remembrance is the lasting perfume.” Bruce Lee
"Worrying about losing keeps you winning." Sweet November [2001]
"Learning virtue means unlearning vice." Seneca
"The immoderate celebration of making mistakes often undermines the superiority of accuracy." John Gilbert
"In ancient times having power meant having access to data. Today having power means knowing what to ignore." Yuval Noah Harari
"Whoever said "Money can't buy happiness" must have had failed to spend it on someone other than himself." John Gilbert
"The selfish choice is always the one most available." kaptainkristian
"Greatness is the perception that virtue is enough." Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Happiness is the passenger of expectations & it's destination is the present." John Gilbert
“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence." Charles Bukowski
"If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster." Stephen Covey
“Islam is the best religion and Muslims are the worst followers." George Bernard Shaw
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality." Seneca
”It pays to keep an open mind, but not so open your brains fall out.” Carl Sagan
"The best wealth is contentment & the worst poverty is humility." Al-Hasan Al-Basri
"The four most expensive words in the English language are "this time it’s different"." John Templeton
"Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance." Will Durant
"The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones." Solomon Ibn Gabirol
“People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it.” Simon Sinek
"The best teachers are those who show you where to look but don't tell you what to see." Alexandra K. Trenfor
“If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.” Francis Bacon
“Success is getting what you want; Happiness is wanting what you get.” Dale Carnegie
“We can choose to throw stones, to stumble on them, to climb over them or to build with them.” William Arthur Ward
“Even god doesn't propose to judge a man till his last days, why should you and I?” Dale Carnegie
"When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves." William Arthur  Ward
"You wouldn't worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do." Eleanor Roosevelt
"The first principle is that you must not fool yourself; And you are the easiest person to fool." Richard P. Feynman
"There are only two industries that call their customers 'users': illegal drugs and softwares." Edwards Tufte
“Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.” Eleanor Roosevelt
"Work is life's greatest therapy." Jim Mclngvale
"If you don't tell the truth, the world falls apart." Jordan Peterson
"What happen's to each of us is ordered. It furthers our destiny." Marcus Aurelius
